additional aidb 4.0 additions (#6722)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/edb-postgres-ai/ai-accelerator/capabilities/auto-processing.mdx

## Auto-Processing modes
We offer the following Auto-Processing modes to suit different requirements and use-cases.

!!! Note
Live auto-processing is only available for table sources. Not for volume sources.
!!!

### Live
We set up Postgres Triggers on the source table to immediately process any changes. Processing happens within the trigger function.
This means it happens within the same transaction that modifies the data, guaranteeing up to date results.

#### Considerations
- Transactional guarantee / immediate results. Pipeline results are always up to date with the source data.
- Blocks / delays operations on the source data. Modifying transactions on the source data are delayed until processing is complete.

### Background
We start a Postgres background worker for each pipeline TODO

!!! Note
Make sure Postgres allows running enough background workers for the number of pipelines where you wish to use this processing mode.
!!!
#### Considerations
TODO

### Disabled
TODO

## Observability
We provide detailed status and progress output for all auto-processing modes.

A good place to get an overview is the statistics table.

> Look up the view `aidb.knowledge_base_stats` or use its short alias `aidb.kbstat`. The table shows all configured knowledge base pipelines,

Reviewer: Reference content for this table is missing.

 kb_table_text_manual   | Disabled        |                       0 |                         |                    15 |                15
 kb_table_image_manual  | Disabled        |                       0 |                         |                     3 |                 3
 kb_table_text_live     | Live            |                       0 |                         |                    15 |                15
 kb_table_image_bg      | Background      |                       0 |                         |                     3 |                 3
 kb_volume_text_bg      | Background      |                         |                       6 |                     7 |                 7
 kb_volume_text_manual  | Disabled        |                         |                       0 |                     0 |                 0
 kb_volume_image_bg     | Background      |                         |                       4 |                   177 |                 6
 kb_volume_image_manual | Disabled        |                         |                       1 |                   177 |                 6
(9 rows)
```

> The [change detection](#changedetection) mechanism is central to how auto-processing works. It is different for volume and table sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [change detection](#change-detection) mechanism is central to how auto-processing works. It is different for volume and table sources.
```

* `table: unprocessed rows`: How many unique rows are listed in the backlog of change events.
  * If auto-processing is disabled, no (new) change events are captured.
* `volume: scans completed`: How many full listings of the source have been completed so far.
* `count(source records)`: How many records exist in the source for this pipeline.
  * for table sources, this number is always accurate.
  * for volume sources, we can only update this number after a full scan has completed.
* `count(embeddings)`: How many embeddings exist in the vector destination table for this pipeline.

## Configuration
Auto-processing can be configured at creation time:
- With [`aidb.create_table_knowledge_base`](../reference/knowledge_bases#aidbcreate_table_knowledge_base)
- With [`aidb.create_volume_knowledge_base`](../reference/knowledge_bases#aidbcreate_volume_knowledge_base)

As well as for existing pipelines:
- With [`aidb.set_auto_knowledge_base`](../reference/knowledge_bases#aidbset_auto_knowledge_base)

## Batch processing
In Background and Disabled modes, (auto) processing happens in batches of configurable size. Within each batch,

## Change detection

> We designed AIDB auto-processing around change detection mechanisms for table and volume data sources. This allows us to only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AIDB auto-processing is designed around change detection mechanisms for table and volume data sources. This allows it to only
```

process data when necessary.

### Table sources
When background auto-processing is configured, we set up Postgres Triggers on the source table. These triggers are very lightweight.
They only record change events and insert them into a "change events" table. No actual processing happens in the trigger function.

The background worker will then process these events asynchronously.

!!! Notice
When auto-processing is disabled, no change detection on tables is possible. This means the manual `bulk_embedding()` operation has to process
all source records.
!!!

### Volume sources

> This source type provides a `last_modified` timestamp for each source record. We keep track of those timestammps in a "state" table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This source type provides a `last_modified` timestamp for each source record. We keep track of those timestammps in a "state" table.
```
```suggestion
This source type provides a `last_modified` timestamp for each source record. The system keeps track of those timestamps in a "state" table.
```
